Docs12864/oci cloud siem (#33698)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_siem/guide/oci-config-guide-for-cloud-siem.md

---
title: OCI Configuration Guide for Cloud SIEM
further_reading:
- link: "/security/default_rules/#cat-cloud-siem-log-detection"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Explore Cloud SIEM default detection rules"
- link: "/security/cloud_siem/triage_and_investigate/investigate_security_signals"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about the Security Signals Explorer"
- link: "/security/cloud_siem/detect_and_monitor/custom_detection_rules/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Create new detection rules"
---

## Overview

> Cloud SIEM applies detection rules to all processed logs in Datadog to detect threats, like a targeted attack, a threat intel listed IP communicating with your systems, or an insecure resource modification. The threats are surfaced as Security Signals in the Security Signals Explorer for triaging.

Reviewer: Very minor, totally optional tweak for flow. I found the singular (e.g. "a targeted attack") slightly awkward to read.

```suggestion
Cloud SIEM applies detection rules to all processed logs in Datadog to detect threats such as targeted attacks, communication with threat intel-listed IPs, or insecure resource modifications. Detected threats are surfaced as Security Signals in the Security Signals Explorer for triage.
```

2. [Enable log collection](#enable-log-collection)
3. [Use Cloud SIEM to triage Security Signals](#use-cloud-siem-to-triage-security-signals)

## Set up Datadog’s OCI integration

Set up Datadog’s [OCI integration](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/oracle-cloud-infrastructure/?tab=createvcnrecommended) using either the QuickStart (recommended) or Terraform methods.

## Enable log collection

Ensure that log collection is enabled in the Datadog OCI integration tile:

{{< img src="security/cloud_siem/guide/oci_config_guide/oci_logs_enabled.png" alt="The OCI integration tile in Datadog with log collection enabled" style="width:90%;" >}}

## Use Cloud SIEM to triage Security Signals

Cloud SIEM applies out-of-the-box detection rules to all processed logs, including your OCI Audit logs. When a threat is detected with a detection rule, a Security Signal is generated and can be viewed in the Security Signals Explorer.

- Go to the [Cloud SIEM Signals Explorer][1] to view and triage threats. See [Investigate Security Signals][2] for further details.  
- See [out-of-the-box detection rules][3] that are applied to your logs.  

> - Create [new rules][4] to detect threats that match your specific use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Create rules][4] to detect threats that match your specific use case.
```

## Further reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/siem/signals
[2]: /security/cloud_siem/triage_and_investigate/investigate_security_signals/
[3]: /security/default_rules/#cat-cloud-siem

> [4]: /security/detection_rules/#create-detection-rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[4]: /security/detection_rules/#create-detection-rules
[5]: /integrations/oracle-cloud-infrastructure/?tab=createvcnrecommended
```
